[common-library] Add documentation to the common library (#797)
newrelic/helm-charts: library/common-library/DEVELOPERS.md

# Functions/templates documented for chart writers

> Here is some rough documentation separated by the file that contains the function, the function
> name and how to use it. We are not covering functions that start with `_` (e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is some great documentation separated by the file that contains the function, the function
name and how to use it. We are not covering functions that start with `_` (e.g.
```
😄

`newrelic.common.license._licenseKey`) because they are used internally by this library for
other helpers. Helm does not have the concept of "public" or "private" functions/templates so
this is a convention of ours.

## _naming.tpl
These functions are used to name objects.

### `newrelic.common.naming.name`
This is the same as the idiomatic `CHART-NAME.name` that is created when you use `helm create`.

It honors `.Values.nameOverride`.

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.naming.name" . }}
```

### `newrelic.common.naming.fullname`
This is the same as the idiomatic `CHART-NAME.fullname` that is created when you use `helm create`

It honors `.Values.fullnameOverride`.

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.naming.fullname" . }}
```

### `newrelic.common.naming.chart`
This is the same as the idiomatic `CHART-NAME.chart` that is created when you use `helm create`.

It is mostly useless for chart writers. It is used internally for templating the labels but there

> is no reason to keep them "private".

Reviewer: them?

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

```

## _labels.tpl
### `newrelic.common.labels`, `newrelic.common.labels.selectorLabels` and `newrelic.common.labels.podLabels`
These are functions that are used to label objects. They are configured by this `values.yaml`
```yaml
global:
  podLabels: {}  # included in all the pods of all the charts that implement this library
  labels: {}  # included in all the objects of all the charts that implement this library
podLabels: {}  # included in all the pods of the chart that the chart writes is implementing
labels: {}  # included in all the objects of the chart that the chart writes is implementing
```

label maps are merged from global to local values.

And chart writer should use them like this:
```mustache
metadata:
  labels:
    {{- include "newrelic.common.labels" . | nindent 4 }}
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      {{- include "newrelic.common.labels.selectorLabels" . | nindent 6 }}
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        {{- include "newrelic.common.labels.podLabels" . | nindent 8 }}
```

`newrelic.common.labels.podLabels` includes `newrelic.common.labels.selectorLabels` automatically.

## _priority-class-name.tpl
### `newrelic.common.priorityClassName`

> Like almost everything in this library, it read global and local variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like almost everything in this library, it reads global and local variables:
```

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

```yaml
global:
  priorityClassName: ""
priorityClassName: ""
```

Be careful: chart writers should put an empty string (or any kind of Helm falsiness) for this
library to work properly. If in your values a non-falsy `priorityClassName` is found, the global
one is going to be always ignored.

Usage (example in a pod spec):
```mustache
spec:
  {{- with include "newrelic.common.priorityClassName" . }}
  priorityClassName: {{ . }}
  {{- end }}
```

## _hostnetwork.tpl
### `newrelic.common.hostNetwork`

> Like almost everything in this library, it read global and local variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like almost everything in this library, it reads global and local variables:
```

Reviewer: also below there is the same typo

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

Usage:
```mustache
{{- /* For jobImage */}}
{{ include "newrelic.common.images.tag" ( dict "imageRoot" .Values.jobImage "context" .) }}
{{- /* For the integration */}}
{{ include "newrelic.common.images.tag" ( dict "imageRoot" .Values.images.integration "context" .) }}
{{- /* For the agent */}}
{{ include "newrelic.common.images.tag" ( dict "imageRoot" .Values.images.agent "context" .) }}
```

### `newrelic.common.images.renderPullSecrets`
If returns a merged map that contains the pull secrets from the global configuration and the local one.  

Usage:
```mustache
{{- /* For jobImage */}}
{{ include "newrelic.common.images.renderPullSecrets" ( dict "pullSecrets" .Values.jobImage.pullSecrets "context" .) }}
{{- /* For the integration */}}
{{ include "newrelic.common.images.renderPullSecrets" ( dict "pullSecrets" .Values.images.pullSecrets "context" .) }}
{{- /* For the agent */}}
{{ include "newrelic.common.images.renderPullSecrets" ( dict "pullSecrets" .Values.images.pullSecrets "context" .) }}
```

## _serviceaccount.tpl
These functions are used to evaluate if the service account should be created, with which name and add annotations to it.

> The functions that the common library has implemented for serve account are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functions that the common library has implemented for service account are:
```

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

* `newrelic.common.serviceAccount.create`
* `newrelic.common.serviceAccount.name`
* `newrelic.common.serviceAccount.annotations`

Usage:
```mustache
{{- if include "newrelic.common.serviceAccount.create" . -}}
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  {{- with (include "newrelic.common.serviceAccount.annotations" .) }}
  annotations:
    {{- . | nindent 4 }}
  {{- end }}
  labels:
    {{- include "newrelic.common.labels" . | nindent 4 }}
  name: {{ include "newrelic.common.serviceAccount.name" . }}
  namespace: {{ .Release.Namespace }}
{{- end }}
```

## _affinity.tpl, _nodeselector.tpl and _tolerations.tpl

> There three files are almost equal, follow the idiomatic way that `helm create` creates by
> default. It also looks if there is a global value like other helpers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These three files are almost the same and they follow the idiomatic way of `helm create`. 
Each function also looks if there is a global value like the other helpers.
```

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

```yaml
global:
  affinity: {}
  nodeSelector: {}
  tolerations: []
affinity: {}
nodeSelector: {}
tolerations: []
```

> The values here are replaced. if a value at root level is found, the global one is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values here are replaced instead of be merged. If a value at root level is found, the global one is ignored.
```

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

Usage (example in a pod spec):
```mustache
spec:
  {{- with include "newrelic.common.nodeSelector" . }}
  nodeSelector:
    {{- . | nindent 4 }}
  {{- end }}
  {{- with include "newrelic.common.affinity" . }}
  affinity:
    {{- . | nindent 4 }}
  {{- end }}
  {{- with include "newrelic.common.tolerations" . }}
  tolerations:
    {{- . | nindent 4 }}
  {{- end }}
```

## _agent-config.tpl
### `newrelic.common.agentConfig.defaults`

> This returns a YAML that the agent can use directly as a config that includes other options from the values file li verbose mode,

Reviewer: `li`? Is it an abbreviation like i.e.?

Author: "like"

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.fedramp.enabled.value" . }}
```

## _license.tpl
### `newrelic.common.license.secretName` and ### `newrelic.common.license.secretKeyName`
Returns the secret and key inside the secret where to read the license key.

The common library will take care of using a user-provided custom secret or creating a secret that contains the license key.

To create the secret use `newrelic.common.license.secret`.

Usage:
```mustache
{{- if and (.Values.controlPlane.enabled) (not (include "newrelic.fargate" .)) }}
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: example
spec:
  containers:
  - name: agent
    env:
    - name: "NRIA_LICENSE_KEY"
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: {{ include "newrelic.common.license.secretName" . }}
          key: {{ include "newrelic.common.license.secretKeyName" . }}
```

## _license_secret.tpl
### `newrelic.common.license.secret`
This function templates the secret that is used by agents and integrations with the license Key provided by the user. It will
template nothing (empty string) if the user provides a custom pair of secret name and key.

> This template also does the safety checks of failing in case the user has not provided any license key or custom secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template fails in case the user has not provided any license key or custom secret.
```

Author: I rephrased it as I wanted to state that there is no need to make safety checks. The common library does that for you.

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

```yaml
global:
  privileged:  # Note that this is empty (nil)
privileged:  # Note that this is empty (nil)
```

Be careful: chart writers should NOT PUT ANY VALUE for this library to work properly. If in you
values a `privileged` is defined, the global one is going to be always ignored.

Chart writers could override this and put directly a `true` in the `values.yaml` to override the
default of the common library.

This function returns "true" of "" (empty string) so it can be used for evaluating conditionals.

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.privileged" . }}
```

### `newrelic.common.privileged.value`
Returns true if privileged mode is enabled or false if not. This is to have the value of privileged ready to be templated.

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.privileged.value" . }}
```

## _proxy.tpl
### `newrelic.common.proxy`
Returns the proxy URL configured by the user. 

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.proxy" . }}
```

## _security-context.tpl
These functions are to share a security context for all the charts in YAML format. Useful in clusters that have security

> enforced to not use the root user like OpenShift or users that had set an admission webhook.

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

The functions are:
* `newrelic.common.securityContext.container`
* `newrelic.common.securityContext.pod`

Usage:
```mustache

> f and (.Values.controlPlane.enabled) (not (include "newrelic.fargate" .)) }}

Author: A bad copy and paste from `nri-kubernetes` control planes template.

> f and (.Values.controlPlane.enabled) (not (include "newrelic.fargate" .)) }}

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)

This function returns "true" of "" (empty string) so it can be used for evaluating conditionals.

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.nrStaging" . }}
```

### `newrelic.common.nrStaging.value`
Returns true if staging is enabled or false if not. This is to have the staging value ready to be templated.

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.nrStaging.value" . }}
```

## _verbose-log.tpl
### `newrelic.common.verboseLog`
Like almost everything in this library, it read global and local variables:
```yaml
global:
  verboseLog:  # Note that this is empty (nil)
verboseLog:  # Note that this is empty (nil)
```

Be careful: chart writers should NOT PUT ANY VALUE for this library to work properly. If in you
values a `verboseLog` is defined, the global one is going to be always ignored.

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.verboseLog" . }}
```

### `newrelic.common.verboseLog.valueAsBoolean`
Returns true if staging is enabled or false if not. This is to have the staging value ready to be templated as a boolean

Usage:
```mustache
{{ include "newrelic.common.verboseLog.valueAsBoolean" . }}
```

> ### `newrelic.common.verboseLog.valueAsInt`

Reviewer: copy-paste issue, verbose for Staging? Also below

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)
